feat(content): add jobs relating to the atomic bombing of Martini (#7854)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/events.txt

		"required reputation" 100
	planet "Martini"
		description `Martini is a world of exotic beaches and perfect weather. The Republic's central bank and the galactic stock exchange were previously headquartered here, before a terrorist attack destroyed them and a large portion of the capital city as well.`

> 		description `	Currently, a massive rescue and evacuation operation is going on in and around the capital to find and treat survivors and contain the radiation. As to be expected, almost every supply is running dangerously low, and what remains of Martini's government (many in the planetary government died in the blast) has called for civilian ships to help deliver goods and supplies for the operation.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		description `	Currently, a massive rescue and evacuation operation is going on in and around the capital to find and treat survivors and contain the radiation. As to be expected, almost every supply is running dangerously low, and what remains of Martini's government has called for civilian ships to help deliver goods and supplies for the operation.`
```

Author: Fair enough, but I still want to tell the player that most of Martini's government was wiped out.

		"required reputation" 100
	planet "Martini"
		description `Martini is a world of exotic beaches and perfect weather. The Republic's central bank and the galactic stock exchange were previously headquartered here, before a terrorist attack destroyed them and a large portion of the capital city as well.`

> 		description `	Currently, there is a massive rescue and evacuation operation going on in and around the capital, to find and treat survivors and contain the radiation. As to be expected, almost all supplies are running dangerously low, and Martini's government has called for civilian ships to help deliver goods and supplies for the operation.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		description `	Currently, a massive rescue and evacuation operation is going on in and around the capital to find and treat survivors and contain the radiation. As to be expected, almost every supply is running dangerously low, and Martini's government has called for civilian ships to help deliver goods and supplies for the operation.`
```

> 		spaceport `Instead of the immaculate spaceport that Martini once sported, this temporary spaceport consists of about a hundred hastily poured landing pads, in order to allow the increased numbers of both Navy and civilian ships helping with the rescue and evacuation operation. For whatever reason, someone has hired an entire legion of workers to clean every landing pad before a ship lands, which has caused a considerable queue to form both at the spaceport and in the air. Some habits never change.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		spaceport `Instead of the immaculate spaceport that Martini once sported, this temporary spaceport consists of randomly scattered makeshift landing areas, in order to allow the increased numbers of both Navy and civilian ships assisting with the rescue and evacuation operation. For whatever reason, someone has hired an entire legion of workers to clean every landing pad before a ship lands, causing a considerable queue to form both at the spaceport and in the air. Some habits never change.`
```

Reviewer 2: Based off my knowledge of the shit we do in the military, there are places where roads are intentionally long enough and have removable lamposts and other things to facilitate a landing if it's required. It isn't unthinkable to say that the committee in charge of this intentionally used roads as makeshift areas to land.

Also, just a slight thought, but given that the Air Traffic Controller is gone, I'd say the whole operation of landing and such aren't exactly going well.

Author: The missions have a spaceport controller that you talk to when you hail Martini... but I am going to say that those are regional spaceports or this temporary spaceport.

		description `	The new capital city is on the other side of the main continent, where lingering radiation will not affect the rest of the population. It is not so grand as the old capital, but its population has swelled from resettlement from the irradiated areas and it is quickly gaining the air of a major metropolis. The inhabitants, many of whom are survivors of the blast, have rallied behind a sort of 'will-do' attitude that only occurs after such a devastating and destructive event like an atomic bombing.`
		spaceport `Currently, the newly designated planetary spaceport does not possess the infrastructure for the increased traffic that came with becoming the capital of a planet, owing to its originally small size. The expansive temporary spaceport from the old rescue and evacuation operation is still being used, and since then more permanent landing pads were built, but there are now plans to demolish it and give the new planetary spaceport a desperately needed expansion.`

> 		spaceport `	The old spaceport still remains, although three of the original towers partially collapsed in the bombings, and it now appears from a distance to be a few irregularly leveled black spires going into the sky before a backdrop of smoke and ruins. Strangely, it has become the most prominent building of the old capital's skyline; its deflector shields managed to absorb a considerable amount of damage from the blast where other buildings could not.`

Reviewer: Do spaceports have shields? I know of a couple that definitely don't.

Author: Martini's spaceport does:
> Hangars are built directly into the towers themselves, with deflector shield generators set up to ensure that ships do not crash

	on offer
		event "geminus rebuilt" 90
		fail

event "martini rebuilt"
	planet "Martini"
		description `Martini is a world of exotic beaches and perfect weather. The Republic's central bank and the galactic stock exchange were previously headquartered here, before a terrorist attack destroyed them and a large portion of the old capital city as well.`

> 		description `	The capital; which will be rebuilt when the radiation clears away; is currently sealed off from public access, an unnecessary reminder of the day when millions of people died at the hands of Syndicate executives so that a recession could be averted. It is strange to hear the 'evil of money' now espoused by a population that once lived and thrived off that very object.`

Reviewer 2: Assuming, for example, you go down the # route, you never find out that the Syndicate were responsible (At least as of right now) so how would that work?

Author: True, I'll change this.

> 		description `	The new capital city is on the other side of the continent where the radiation from the nuclear bombings will not affect the rest of the population. It is not so grand as the old capital, but its population has swelled from resettlement from the irradiated areas. The inhabitants, many of whom are survivors of the blast, have a sort of 'will-do' attitude that only occurs after such a devastating and destructive event like an atomic bombing.`

Reviewer 2: The last line feels weirdly here, as if <first> <last> knows first hand that there wouldn't be a higher depression rate after being nuked, or other.

Author: Disasters tend to create national unity. Think of events like 9-11 or the Christchurch shootings, instead of feeling more depressed people decided to come together and help each other. This is also after the civil war, and optimism in rebuilding their world would exist.

Reviewer 2: Hmm, fair. Though it may be better to emphasise more on it.

> 		spaceport `The new planetary spaceport, which was originally just a relatively small regional spaceport, was not designed for the increased traffic that came with becoming the capital of a planet. The expansive temporary spaceport from the old rescue and evacuation operation is still being used, and since then even more pads were poured, but there are now plans to demolish it and give the new planetary spaceport a desperately needed expansion.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		spaceport `Currently, the newly designated planetary spaceport does not possess the infrastructure for the increased traffic that came with becoming the capital of a planet, owning to its originally small size. The expansive temporary spaceport from the old rescue and evacuation operation is still being used, and since then, more permanent landing pads were created, but there are now plans to demolish it and give the new planetary spaceport a desperately needed expansion.`
```

Reviewer 2: Note: Refer to point about ATC earlier.
